	For my professional self-assessment, I wanted to speak about how this capstone showcases my strengths and weaknesses. I wanted to also highlight my journey in this career path from what inspired me to pick this career choice to how I got here. It all started when I was young getting my first computer. As an Asian American child, I was tasked with troubleshooting and fixing the computer whenever we had issues with it. I fell in love with the troubleshooting and problem solving that came with it. I wanted to learn more about computers and the problem-solving aspects of it. From building computers to building projects and programs, I wanted to do it all. 

	My professional goal is to just learn and find a community that is willing to teach me. I am willing to start at the bottom of the food chain and work my way up. I think that no matter how talented or skilled someone is, there is always something to learn, and I want to learn from everything. I plan on finding a career path that starts me in a learning environment, and I will work hard every day to learn a new skill every day. I think that works as a strength to me as well because I do not want to get complacent with my position and prove that hard work will move me up the career ladder.

	I feel like I am a team-player right now because I spend everyday working with a group to complete a task. It is in a game called League of Legends, but that requires teamwork to complete a goal. I know that video games provide little skill, but if you apply the experience outside of the game, it could teach you real-life skills. I am also confident that I can sell and speak to stakeholders and provide them with new ideas and even get feedback on old ideas and try to implement them to the projects. I feel like overall; my strengths are in learning by experience and working hands-on in projects. I ultimately want to be a software engineer or work in IT.

	My first enhancement was a modification of a project I did in a previous class. It was to create a mobile app that could track daily events and give reminders of when tasks are due, I wanted to change the app into a daily gym diary because that was more relevant to me in real life. I go to the gym and work on myself every day and wanted an app to help with that which influenced me to make the design change. I wanted to highlight my strengths in designing a project and brainstorming ideas. I think that I have a keen eye for thinking outside the box and being innovative which is what is being shown on my idea of changing an app to function from one thing to another. I decided that because I added a diary to the app, I wanted the entries to be secured so I added an encrypted database to make sure people adding personal information to the entry will keep it secure. This artifact was tackling two enhancements at once, Software Design and Engineering, and Databases. It was to design a new app using an old one in mind and add database that works to protect the users.

	The second enhancement was an existing project I did for a client who asked me to create an extension that works like the honey extension but was able to check custom codes that I was able to import using a file or copy and paste. The reason being is that they were trying to do this for their wholesale business. When initially working on it, I was able to get some of the major components working and deliver a working product for the client, but it was not working up to my expectations. I had to send it anyways due to it being a time restriction but decided to enhance it and get it working after the fact. The client has told me that they will be consistently working on their business and will make this extension to work all the time, so it was perfect to make an update on it to work. I was able to add features to the extension that was not working before and am now able to deliver a fully working extension.
